Here is the complete walkthrough of how Revyn works, what every section displays, and what every button triggers when clicked:

🔄 The Core Revyn Lifecycle
Revyn operates in 5 automated stages whenever a failed payment is processed:

[1. DETECT] ───► [2. DIAGNOSE] ───► [3. DECIDE] ───► [4. EXECUTE] ───► [5. AUDIT & MEASURE]
Failed Payment    Rule Engine or     Deterministic     Razorpay Link /    Immutable Ledger &
Ingested          Groq AI            Policy Rules      Smart Retry        Real-Time Metrics
Detect: Ingests payment failure (amount, error code, customer details).
Diagnose: Identifies root cause (insufficient_balance, bank_timeout, mandate_revoked, etc.). Uses deterministic rule matching first, or Groq AI (llama-3.3-70b) for ambiguous errors.
Decide: Hard-coded Policy Engine decides the safe action (smart_retry, send_payment_link, escalate_to_human, mark_unrecoverable). The LLM has zero money-moving authority.
Execute: Bounded execution — creates a real Razorpay Test Mode Payment Link (https://rzp.io/i/...) or schedules a smart retry.
Audit & Measure: Logs the decision with full reasoning to the immutable audit ledger and updates recovery metrics.
🖥️ 1. Main Dashboard (/)
A. Top Metrics Cards (Top Row)
Total Revenue at Risk: Total monetary value of all ingested payment failures (in ₹).
Recovered Revenue: Total money recovered through paid Razorpay links.
Recovery Rate: Calculated as (Recovered / Total at Risk) * 100% with a +X% lift badge comparing against the naïve retry baseline ($\approx 22%$).
Policy & Safety Stops: Count of transactions stopped by hard guardrails (escalated + unrecoverable) with confirmation of 0 policy violations.
B. "Execute Recovery Pipeline" Section
🔘 1. Batch Size Dropdown (10, 20, 50 cases)
What it is: Selects how many synthetic failed payments to generate.
Purpose: Allows quick testing of small batches (10) or larger statistical batches (50).
🔘 2. Run Batch Recovery Button
What it does:
Generates realistic failed payments across Indian merchants (Swiggy, Zepto, Meesho, Blinkit) and failure types (insufficient balance, UPI downtime, expired cards, revoked mandates, timeout).
Sends them through the Diagnosis & Policy Engine.
Generates Razorpay Test Mode Payment Links for eligible cases.
Writes immutable audit logs for every step.
Expected Result:
Button shows a loading spinner: "Running Pipeline...".
A green status banner appears summarizing the batch (e.g. 20 payments processed: 11 Razorpay links created, 5 smart retries, 2 escalated, 2 safety stops).
The metrics cards and the table below refresh instantly.
🔘 3. Trash / Reset Button (Next to Run Batch)
What it does: Deletes all demo cases and clears the workspace.
Expected Result: A confirmation prompt appears. Once confirmed, all table rows and metrics reset to zero so you can run a clean demo.
C. Recent Recoveries Table
🔘 Filter Tabs (All Cases, Recovered, In Progress, Escalated, Unrecoverable)
What it does: Filters the table rows by status.
Number Pill: Shows the exact count of cases in each category.
🔘 Search Bar
What it does: Live filters by customer name, email, error code, or case ID.
🔘 Inspect Button (or clicking any row in the table)
What it does: Opens the Case Detail Drawer (slide-over panel from the right).
📑 2. Case Detail Drawer (Inspection Panel)
When you click on any case row or the Inspect button, this slide-over panel opens:

Sections inside the Drawer:
Case Header & Amount: Shows Case ID, merchant name, timestamp, and amount in ₹.
Simulate Customer Paid Button:
Purpose: For demoing without having to open the Razorpay link manually.
What it does: Simulates the customer clicking the Razorpay link and completing payment.
Expected Result: Status badge turns green (RECOVERED), metric cards update, and a new recovery entry is written to the audit ledger.
Step 1: Root Cause Diagnosis Box:
Shows raw error code and error message.
Shows diagnosed root cause, AI confidence score (e.g. 98%), and whether it was diagnosed via Rule Engine or Groq AI.
Step 2: Deterministic Policy Decision Box:
Shows the exact policy rule triggered (SMART_RETRY, PAYMENT_LINK, ECONOMIC_FLOOR, HARD_STOP_MANDATE).
Displays the hard-coded reasoning why this action was chosen.
Step 3: Razorpay Test Mode Link & WhatsApp Copy:
Copy Link / Open Link Icon: Copies the https://rzp.io/i/... short URL to clipboard or opens it in a new tab.
Hinglish WhatsApp Recovery Copy: Displays the personalized recovery message generated for the customer in Hinglish (e.g., "Namaste Priya! Aapka ₹499 ka payment bank balance issue ki wajah se complete nahi ho paya...").
Case Audit History Timeline:
Displays the chronologically ordered audit logs specifically for this payment case.
📋 3. Recoveries Workspace Page (/recoveries)
What it shows: Full-page view of all payment cases across all merchants with expanded capacity (up to 100+ cases).
Interactive features: Full search, multi-status tab filters, and clicking any case opens the full lifecycle drawer.
🛡️ 4. Immutable Audit Ledger Page (/audit)
What it shows: Compliance view of every single event recorded by the system (DETECT, DIAGNOSE, DECIDE, EXECUTE, RECOVERED, SETTINGS).
Interactive Features:
Step Filter Tabs: Click DIAGNOSE, DECIDE, EXECUTE, etc., to view only events from that specific phase.
Expandable Row (Click any row): Expands an inline JSON Payload Inspector showing raw metadata, actor signature, and cryptographic reason.
⚙️ 5. Settings & Safety Page (/settings)
🔘 ACTIVATE KILL SWITCH / Deactivate Kill Switch Button
What it does: Triggers the emergency halt mode.
Expected Result:
A confirmation modal pops up explaining that all automated recoveries will freeze.
Once confirmed, the kill switch turns red (KILL SWITCH ACTIVE).
If anyone attempts to run a batch while the kill switch is active, the system halts execution and safely marks cases as HALTED.
Clicking Deactivate Kill Switch resumes standard operation.
Other sections on Settings:
Policy Engine Guardrails: Read-only reference of the hard-coded rules (Max 3 retries, ₹10 economic floor, Mandate hard-stop, 2-hour salary window).
Gateway & AI Integration Health: Real-time indicator cards showing whether Razorpay, Groq AI, and Supabase are connected.
🎯 Summary Demo Script for Judges
Go to Dashboard (/): Click Run Batch Recovery (20 cases).
Watch the batch process: See metrics jump (Total at Risk vs Recovered).
Inspect an In Progress case: Click Inspect → Review the diagnosis and Hinglish message → Click Simulate Customer Paid → Watch Recovered Amount and Recovery Rate increase immediately.
Inspect a Stopped case: Filter by Unrecoverable → Inspect a case with amount < ₹10 or mandate_revoked to show how hard safety guardrails prevent compliance violations.
Visit Audit Trail (/audit): Show the timestamped audit trail with expandable JSON metadata.
Visit Settings (/settings): Toggle the Kill Switch to demonstrate fail-safe operations.



----- kill switch ----

When you press the ACTIVATE KILL SWITCH button, Revyn immediately enters a global emergency lockdown mode.

Here is exactly what happens across the entire system:

🚨 1. Immediate Execution Freeze (Code & Policy Level)
Zero Money-Moving Actions: The Policy Engine enforces Rule 0 (KILL_SWITCH), which supersedes all other rules.
No Payment Links: Revyn is strictly blocked from creating any new Razorpay payment links or orders.
No Retries: All scheduled retries and customer messaging (SMS/WhatsApp) are paused instantly.
Batch Processing Refused: The /api/batch/run endpoint returns HTTP 503 and refuses to process any batch until deactivated.
🛑 2. Incoming Cases Are Safely Parked
Any failed payments that arrive while the kill switch is active are not processed.
They are safely parked with the status Halted (Kill Switch) (red badge in the UI) to prevent unauthorized automated actions or infinite retry loops.
📜 3. Logged to the Immutable Audit Ledger
An entry is immediately recorded in the audit trail:
json
{
  "step": "SETTINGS",
  "action": "kill_switch_activated",
  "reason": "Kill switch ACTIVATED by operator",
  "policy_rule": "KILL_SWITCH",
  "actor": "operator"
}
🖥️ 4. Visual UI Changes
Sidebar & Top Bar: A glowing red warning banner appears: KILL SWITCH ACTIVE.
Run Batch Button: Gets disabled so no accidental batches can be triggered.
Settings Page: The button changes to green: Deactivate Kill Switch (Resume).
🔄 What Happens When You Deactivate It?
When you click Deactivate Kill Switch (Resume):

It logs kill_switch_deactivated to the audit ledger.
The Policy Engine re-enables standard evaluation rules.
The UI returns to normal, and batch runs can be resumed safely.